loading latest
generating with seed: 
way he presents the material is made to make you feel stupid for ever 
thinking that the Earth is anything but a basketball! Anyone who questions 
anything about NASA must be wearing a tin foil hat. Thats what these liars 
want you to believe.
[Rene Chavez]:    The first thing he starts talking about is gravity. It does not exist, 
gravity is just a theory that cannot be proved.
[Pierre Harrison]:    The truth is no one have a clue about the earth and there too lazy to find 
out on there own so they just believe everything fagsa says
[Diamondcheckered ChumBucket]:    Flat eathers, go and try to find the edge of the disk shaped earth then!
[Aidentomboy1106]:    The earths flat because where on a flat surface so how is it round
=================================
way he presents the material is made to make you feel stupid for ever 
thinking that the Earth is anything but a basketball! Anyone who questions 
anything about NASA must be wearing a tin foil hat. Thats what these liars 
want you to believe.
[Rene Chavez]:    The first thing he starts talking about is gravity. It does not exist, 
gravity is just a theory that cannot be proved.
[Pierre Harrison]:    The truth is no one have a clue about the earth and there too lazy to find 
out on there own so they just believe everything fagsa says
[Diamondcheckered ChumBucket]:    Flat eathers, go and try to find the edge of the disk shaped earth then!
[Aidentomboy1106]:    The earths flat because where on a flat surface so how is it round. The 
earth is not flat and the flat earth theory was really a perfect plane and 
see the moon are not a day and see the moon they would be able to know what 
the earth is a sphere, and it is all the comments and maybe the sun is 
flat, and the earth is flat and start in the sky and to the earth the 
earth is a globe, you can see the curvature of the earth and the earth is 
flat, why would anyone see the prophet and the sun and moon is a great 
explanation and move on a globe because the earth is flat, but should the 
map for the public and ground the earth from the firmament and what is the 
distance that the Earth is flat and the other way to the Earth with the 
flat earth theory. The earth is indeed a sphere. The Sun and Moon are 
physically the same thing here and it would be like the Earth is not flat.
[Politically The Light]:    I so much more than the flat earth model for the bridge of the planet and 
the earth is flat. The big and point in the distance is where it was a 
stronger and a straight line to really discover the earth is flat, it is 
flat. It's a spinning ball like the trees would be a lot of seeing a 
perfect flat earth theory, that is where I can see the earth is correct, 
and the earth is flat. Therefore the Earth is Flat. The sun is really 
apparently stupid.
[Tiny Gamer]:    If the earth is flat if the Earth is flat why do you get a reason for the 
earth and the earth is round and it was the earth and the planets are 
settled in the sky then prove the earth is flat or a globe. The Earth is 
flat and then it does not be flat, and what makes me think of the same 
community. If you want to know what the earth is flat, then it is 
the interesting way to prove the earth is flat and they would not be 
believed. I was not the possibility that the truth is a fucking stupid 
picture of the sun and the earth when the sun and moon should be on the 
conspiracy theory but the process was also falling off of the earth back to 
the world because it was a possible person and start to continue to 
alien and the great ship is actually a conspiracy. It was faked and as a 
conspiracy in the naked eye. The stars in the Bible is a Bible that is 
all like the video of the earth, the sun and moon are still and the 
conspiracy are so stupid
[James Fries]:    I don't know what was the man should be a secret for the second math is 
a creation by the video the way the are not a sphere and the earth is 
flat.
[David R]:    I was Not a person and the Flat Earth theory is a table complete and 
speculation and descend. When new to the surface of the earth.
[ASTTFRELONESALLY]:    When Christ were wrong, then I saw it in the FE and if the Earth is flat, 
it must be a sphere then it is surrounding our moon and the earth is 
flat. If the earth is flat then you will develop the earth and the 
planets are stationary then the curvature of the earth is not a sphere, the 
sun is a day that the stars would be when I was wrong and not the south 
pole that was fake and a ship and always the moon that has missed the 
truth because it is because the earth is flat and it is approaching the 
deals there is no satellite seasons. It is all the other hand, and 
the other all the people have been debunked as i have any eye and an 
deceiver of the God of New Earth and South Pole then the sun would calculate 
a curve in the sky. And the sun and moon would be a plane and make a free 
ball. The contraction is the gravity and gravity is a larger than the 
common sense. You see the sun in the sky or not because the bible is 
NOT a planet then it was working at the hexagonal space and a spinning 
ball then why did the track was so proven and not a planet and you would 
accept the sun and moon and the earth would be on a flat earth if the 
earth is flat, why would anyone go out there that we all can look at the 
earth the sun would be used to think the earth is flat, it is all the 
constant that everything is a conspiracy that is what the earth is flat. 
You lost some proof the earth is a sphere, but the only thing that are 
seeing the sun and moon and the moon is flat. If you want to be the 
edge of the earth . If the earth was flat then at the end of the moon at 
the equator. It would be a little sensible approximate terrible point and 
the earth is absolutely flat. The earth is flat. It's not a sphere
[Mike Taylor]:    I just can't see the point in the middle of the trees, and we are told 
and the best and back on the southern hemisphere which is in the sky in 
the country the sun and moon is not a sphere. This is in the moon and 
the earth is flat.
[Enlighten Of The Sun Spiritually]:    The earth is round. If the earth is flat, why do we do any proof of the 
earth that are REALLY strange as the living balloon could explain it 
as well as a straight line and was the same object in the sky.
[Robert Strenn]:    I like the air that did not believe in the world in the Earth the sun is 
the only one who lives in the northern hemisphere is the same perspective 
the Earth is a sphere in the sky in the sky, and the round earth would be 
a different time to see seeing the sun to fly a similar point of the 
earth. A star tracker are on the earth the sun moves to the earth and 
in the sky the sun will be to the sun and moon and not only planets and 
earth and the earth is not flat and the earth is flat, and water is a 
different distance and the thing is the same thing and watch the creator 
personal based on a lot of observations while they live on a globe. It 
doesn't exist that is all because he was a few things and I know the 
flat earth theory of similar things from the later the same size of the 
earth there is no such as the first orbit the sun is round it is a ball 
and the sun has the same size of the earth. So if the earth is flat, and 
the internet has to do with the planet and the original experiment is 
a common sense if it was a flat disc. And why do I do when you do the 
same thing and the truth would be the sun with a game the earth is round 
and the sun would be a gravity and the sun and the sun rotates through a 
sphere and we got to the shape of the earth and it would be over a conspiracy 
that is high and all the distances makes a plane of a curve with the 
Earth........................................................................
[Charlie Hallie]:    I don't know what the earth is flat, it's a globe earth sort of ancient 
friends. I can see the prophet and describe the hole and it was the distance 
of Saturn and was because the earth is a lie in the Earth in the Earth with 
the center of the Earth's curvature of the Earth. The earth is so stupid 
when the ground leaves the truth.
[Joao Stithon]:    The Earth is Flat. It's all about the Flat Earth Or Flat Earther and it 
would be a very much of conspiracy and not gravity and the Sun is the 
calculation of Antarctica and the Planet may be the sun in the moon and 
sun and moon being convinced that the world is a flat disc in the moon and 
simply the size of the earth in the bible as it was the same thing to be 
round and the world is flat and then how do the sun for a flat earth?
[Andrew Leonard]:    I can't believe in the flat earth model....
[Sargent Frees]:    All the Flat Earth Theories that did a secret that I would think the 
earth is flat, the earth is also a sphere is a lot of proof of the earth 
for a photo of the earth which is the beast of the earth that was a 
possible. The distance in the earth the earth is round.

It is not the balloon and with the amazing thing that you have to be 
considered some of the facts with a long scientist to the sun and moon, and 
the earth is a sphere or the flat earth theory. The last people who are 
actually spinning about the dome from the earth is not a sphere? Why do we 
look like the trees it is because the Earth is flat and the internet is 
really a flat earth theory that is flat, why do you explain the time of the 
earth? If the earth is flat why do they do not see the edge of the earth 
that the earth is flat?
[Kevin Back]:    What about the truth. It was seen a shape of the Earth and the Earth is 
flat. I suggested what you have to be a tree can see the earth is flat. 
I can't see the Australia to South Pole. It's a real troll because they 
go to make a flat earth and they are all stop enough to see the path of 
stupid for the whole universe that the earth is flat. I would not see 
it.
[David Keith]:    Eric Dubay was a bunch of theories in the US translation to Antarctica 
and the Greek Experiment will be able to come up with the Truth Up In Earth 
and the Earth is not a globe.
[Mike Masters]:    I was a person to see the moon in the bible and see the horizon is the 
balloon for it in the sky. If the earth was flat
[Mike Elley]:    I am not trying to say that the earth is flat why do we have the beautiful 
being and day and the people or microumple mass of the heavens and the 
earth is a sphere and the sun is a little more astronomy then the flat 
earth is an interesting to the stars when the sun is a program from a cause 
the curvature of the earth would be the earth and sun is the comments the 
round earth is a flat earth theory, and the internet are being here to 
consider the earth is flat and it was spinning at the earth because the 
earth is round the earth is flat then we don't call the moon in the 
time and believe through faith in the author everywhere in the constellation 
the truth so the Earth is flat. The Earth is not a globe. I think the sun 
would be the same theory they can see the conspiracy theories on a 
different conspiracy theory that the earth is round in the south pole
[Matian Becks]:    The fact the earth is flat, then I don't understand that the earth is 
flat, and it is a sphere. They would research it from the people of the 
earth and the earth is round...
[TheRosener]:    Are you entitled about something proved because it is completely in the 
comments and no longer that with your eyes who are a sphere and the problem 
is the earth is flat, but the sun and moon would be the metaphor in the 
sky. It would be the same as the real extra trees and the CONSURE the sun 
are the same as well as the sun in the bible because the Earth is flat 
in the Earth, and the big place is so much of the distance like the earth 
is not a sphere and all the stars are spheres and how much the earth is round 
and the moon and stars would see the earth and the earth is round and 
doesn't really be proven to be truly the first person in the roots in the 
moon into a complete and the sun and moon in the sky I was dropped as the 
continents are not a straight line and the sun is saying that the earth is 
flat. The Earth is NOT flat!
[Chad Almend]:    I don't know what in the face of the earth the planet is round.
[Holly Reed]:    I note this work and so the answer is interesting that when you live in 
God who will not be possible that the earth is flat then the moon and the 
earth doesnt have the sun and moon as we live in a straight line in the 
earth. It can be a dome? The sun would say to do the sun is a sphere and 
we can see the stars and sun to close to the moon as we live in a ball for 
the land of the sun and moon and the sun would be the answer?
[Marcus Gamer]:    The earth is not flat, and the Earth is a sphere. It's a moron. The curve 
is all a fact at least the moon is easy. Not a paradigm day. The only 
thing that is all about the flat earth theory. The earth is a flat disc 
earth and we all live in the end of the earth, and wake up and what we 
are not in the continents and you can see what the earth is flat, then 
then it should be seen and the replace people the same thing with a 
scientific bullshit in the books of the planet. No one has been formed and 
an actual mental scientific truth. The point the earth is round.
[Paul Prossen]:    I was used to call the nonsense if they work on an area in the comments 
in the stream of a sphere. If the Earth is flat, why do you fake the thing 
that the earth is flat. I will be a mirror to the earth the earth is flat. 
If the earth is round, why do it was going to do that the sun goes at the 
Part of the earth? There was a sunset and I can see it at the same time 
or the sun and moon. If you can't see and say the earth is flat and the 
calculation of the Earth sounds like a few light with the same thing and 
the Earth is Flat and the Earth is round. You know the Earth is a sphere 
because the bible is SOONS WE ESPECTIVE IN A FACT AND SEE THE SAME AND STEMS ME INFORMED THE PLANE AND ALL THE WAY BELIEVE THE EARTH IS FLAT........................
[John Maria]:    And the Bible is a curve in the way of the earth and the earth is flat
[Terry Skitcher]:    This is a CGI and I have to do with a way to think of the earth does not 
have a perfect real ship and the bible is a belief or a dome that was 
strong, but the light is a telescope on the earth. If you prove the earth 
is flat, then why are the truth and the sun would see the fact that the 
earth is flat. No longer a great work.
[TheHeavenly]:    What about the flat earth model or the sun and the earth there is a straight 
line and the horizon is a confirmed planet which is the same thing that is 
also completely so cool spiritual subjects and its possible with the 
flat earth theory and such a good work the truth will be a manipulation 
that shows the moon and the earth is not flat, and our ancestors of 
atmosphere and the earth and the curvature of the earth then the first 
explanation of the world is the same thing and the earth is flat and the 
horizon is a sphere and flat earth should be a gas and the sun and moon 
would be surprised in the flat earth theory. The earth is only flat why is 
the same thing about the flat earth and the earth is round?
[Devan Bires]:    I like to depict the mountains of the Earth when I would see the sun.
[German Dome]:    I and your theory is a big conspiracy theory but the Earth is flat then 
I would love to confirm the earth is flat, the earth is round and the flat 
earth is proof that the earth is flat it may be a lie and the sun and moon 
are not the sun and moon.
[Bill Laurence]:    I can see the sun and moon and stars cut them and send the same speed of 
matter at the end then all the way the point they were seen a paradox and 
the earth destroy and it can be accepted the moon is spinning at a front 
of the sun and the sun and moon and the earth was a planet and the earth 
from the moon and the water is not true, it would be the exact same 
people to the Sun and the world is really a flat disc with a conspiracy 
theory then the earth is flat then how do you explain the thing that we 
are starting to discredit the truth and the continents are being able to 
see the sun and moon. It's a similar point I don't know if the earth is 
flat, and the earth is so far than the truth of the Earth. It seems that 
anyone with a flat earth conspiracy theorists have to do with a sphere 
when they can watch the constant or something and the the beach is in 
Flat Earth so called Flat Earth so many millions of miles away from 
consciousness would be the Earth being a flat earth like the Sun and the 
poles and a flat earth. And how does the world say the earth is flat?
[Ancient Jackson]:    The earth is not flat
[Mike Christian]:    I was seeing the earth is flat and there are the same things that come and 
discredit the earth being a flat earth because it was flat, or a sphere 
in the clouds . What the sun is on the moon and the Earth is flat. If the 
earth is flat, why do the government would come from?
[John Sandro]:    There is a great prophet The Lord I MAKE IN PROOF. I mean the fact that the 
earth is flat. But the earth is flat. We can be traveled on a flat 
earth and we would be accepted by the way the earth is indeed a flat 
earth and let the same things that is the way the spinning ball would be 
a photo of the earth in the world showing that the earth is flat he 
proved that the earth is a ball and the moon is definitely a star of the 
earth. If the earth is flat why can't the sun would be a perfect spherical 
surface and show the moon the sun and moon would be a bunch of personal 
speed of distance so the sun is flat, but that's the garden of the 
Earth. And the are a proof from what the fact that the earth is flat as 
still about you who are the end they can see the earth is round. I find 
out that Him seeker in the Bible in the bible and say that there is a 
circle with the earth with round earth theory did they would be what the 
trees are all facts or state in the sky?

Why do you explain the sun to travel in the middle of the earth?
[End Captain]:    I would like to see the more than discovery on the Flat Earth Conspiracy 
theorists and personal speculations with the video in the middle of the 
earth in the center of the earth. The height thereof are the most possible 
space from the Earth's point the sun and moon are flat and what the 
earth is a sphere or the longest place of the earth. I also see a man and 
my life for the curvature of the earth they are using the telescope on 
the moon and it is not a globe is the distance that did the air would 
really be able to care the earth was flat, why do we have the south pole 
they would take 2 miles away. The earth is flat? Why does the sun in Heaven 
and the Sun and moon?
[Metal Maris]:    So so if the earth is flat... so if we can't see the curvature of the earth 
and all the time of the earth and its surface with gravity? If the earth is 
flat and the flat earth is what is confirmed to be a shadow of the flat 
earth map that is all exposure and saying the earth is flat, then you have 
been there because the earth is not flat. Then what is the moon and I am 
not a tree to me where they are all being smaller from the same thing 
then the ball is the point of the trees that is only the same time because 
the sun would also see the earth is in a sphere in the sky. If the earth is 
flat is it not a country and it is actually spinning at the earth then how 
would we come back to the sky?
[Martin Patter]:    Can you explain the balloon that are the same things so don't go through 
the same things and gravity will not explain the sun in the bible can be 
surprised the earth is flat then or when I think the earth is flat and 
starting to be a conspiracy that is what they need to be the same thing 
that I know the earth is flat, why would you explain the seasons and 
the water the earth is like the tree will always be a photo of the 
earth and the Earth is flat. The earth is the same way the earth is a 
planet. The sun and moon doesn't see how the earth is in the earth 
because the earth is flat. This is a world as the canyon decided to be 
the earth is round it is not in the window the sun is the same thing 
that flat earth is not a sphere that gets out there the earth is a sphere. 
What was it in the Earth and the Earth is FLAT!!!!
[Sum Dean]:    Why do you see the pictures of the earth then the Earth is flat, so what 
we would take a process of the truth and if it is we are actually a 
straight line and the sun is a compared to the earth then the kingdom of 
the earth is FLAT!!! It would be a video of what is a flat earth believer 
and all the stupid shit contracts which makes everyone see something 
that will be a globe earth humanity till you are an interesting thing and 
believe that the earth is flat and the sun is not a dome, then the the 
earth is not flat. Why do we have the continent that we are all completely 
the same things and how the Earth is a sphere, but the math is in the south 
pole and it is also a great time to see the Earth and the Earth is a 
different telescope and the problem is the moon and the sun and moon 
completely like the clouds are still curved by the sun is not flat. The 
sun could be the same than 90 miles away. The distance of a sphere is 
flat. And the fact that the earth is flat and the sun has gone the 
earth is round.
[BladeyTheMarks]:    The earth is flat, and why does the earth be possible to be the same in 
the bible can be accepted?
[Mark Carlos Marie]:    I could debunk the Greeks the sun is a corner of the earth. If you travel 
to the sun and the earth then you can see the sun is completely a sphere 
when the sun is in the middle of the earth at the equator then the sun is 
a conspiracy then so what about the truth is a flat earth theory.
[Lorda Blood]:    That is not a flat earther than the moon and the deeper when it is not 
round. Sun and moon are up the truth and fall off of water but all the 
training the stars are being a supposed planet is a flat earth
[Karl Schoul]:    The Earth is Flat. If the earth is flat and the earth is flat, and the 
earth is the same gravity and the earth is not flat then why would the 
earth be flat. I always get an optical design and the Earth is a round 
earth. It's truly a great tree theory and then the Son of the Earth is 
flat, then it is like a compass. The Earth is a flat CRAP showing the 
planet that the earth is round and it does be wrong and we are the only 
way they do not take the conspiracy theory. What about the earth if the 
earth is flat?
[Dan Jelley]:    What about the Earth to be seen in the moon and sun and the earth is 
the day after the trees where being well they are all the high people of 
the flat earth theory, and they do not believe that the earth is flat it 
is a sphere and the Sun is a sphere as it was so large in the sky. Its 
watching the heavens and we would have to be a bunch of distance destruction 
that is dumb as the more than the truth that is so stupid as the dead 
theory. The flat earth is flat, what a group of mental conspiracy theory 
when a substantist.
[TheFlatEarth]:    I was not sure I was a famous rapist.
[Moon Mush]:    I ain't believe the earth is flat and the moon, just look at the horizon 
in the earth and the earth is flat and we have the same thing about the 
sun in the planet. I prove that it is really amazing that the Earth is flat 
because the earth is flat, why can't show me something to see the curvature 
of the earth so I was a straight line and lies to the sky, then it is 
round. The Earth is Flat, but the Solar System is in the sky and on the 
Earth with the Earth and the Earth is Flat.
[SechiShall]:    I am a picture of the earth and all the moon are not the same flat earth 
people and shape the earth is flat and so the gravity is an argument the 
earth is flat. It's a flat earther than the flat earth model and the tree 
theory is a conspiracy and the sun is only a sphere that has to be a group 
of earth and sunrise and it will look at the forest because the earth is 
flat and the round earth and stars in the first time is like it was 
different than supposedly it can discredit the world there is a paradigm 
or the human life in the sky and signs are in the gospel of Christ (I 
have one of the consciousness of Antarctica." The Earth is Flat. The Center 
of God would seem that the dome is the same thing that can be as 
supposed to be the sun in the comments in the middle of the earth. The 
earth is flat, but we don't think about the moon and moon and the earth 
the flood is not a sphere and the earth was flat then go there and large 
they were the same shape, and we are all a secret and can be researching 
the sun in the southern and southern hemispheres, and it is a flat 
celestial bodies or ball, it is all fake mountains and waste perspectives 
and supports the theory and it is not a spherical earth. I think the earth 
is flat, and there is no reason to be a globe than the fact that the earth 
is flat.....there are no Antarctica and the Bible to see the Earth is flat.
The government is considered to be a sphere and see what the math is wrong, 
but the sun is a perfect time or what is stationary and it's so stupid to 
be some interesting to the point of the earth at the equator the sun is 
like a flat earth theory if the earth was flat and so the sun is 
the same direction of the sun and moon as the sun sets would be in a telescope 
in the north pole. The earth is a sphere and is the sun in the sky the 
curvature of the earth and the curve and the moon is only to the ground. 
The reason is the real world is a REAL explanation of the world and the 
anti-christ and Moon is the math and the sun and moon are constantly shaped 
and not the moon from the same time. It can be supposedly as a creator 
that is so much for the public when it comes around the earth and the 
earth is flat and the sun is a fucking so called shadow on a flat earth 
then sure they can see the sun and moon and the sun is the sun in the sky 
that we can see the same place then it's the second crowder and propaganda 
that the actual shape of the earth is flat and the Earth is round. The 
reason that I would not see a picture of it and that was a powerful tree 
or release and shape the earth and it would be spherical as a rocket and 
study the atmosphere there is the same things that are all for the mass 
that has to be moving at the same time that we live in the sky it is 
mountains and seasons, and the earth was like a total sun and the 
earth which is simply something is not at the end of the earth the horizon 
because the earth surface is true..... God is a bunch of ideas and all the 
trees of the position. 
Have you ever heard of a dome in the days of the light and the southern 
hemispheres will not be like the planet is round.
[TheEarthNature]:    I wonder what I am watching this video and the comment are so stupid as a 
hollow earth in the Antarctica and the Earth should be a globe about 
the Chinese flat earth but they are all lied to the sun set we see 
from the same time it was coming off off the same can be as devils to the 
earth for the conspiracy theory it is a lie and the government did not 
prove anything in the moon, and it's flat and all the articles will only 
be noticed to have daily all the stars and stars of the surface of the earth 
when it came to the earth and the earth is a sphere it would be in the 
northern hemisphere or something start until the earth is a globe.
[Mike Trips]:    The earth is not flat.
[Ron Sage]:    Bruce Lee was a book that read it to the Southern Hemisphere and Mars and 
The Earth is a flat disc with real reasons and more than a sound that 
comes to making the people of the Earth.
[David Wisson]:    I believe the earth is flat, then the TV is a ball if the earth is flat, 
why doesn't the sun leave a globe.
[James Munder]:    The earth is flat.
[Victor Mali]:    Did you know the shape of the earth and the Earth is a plane.
[John Bandra]:    As fact the Earth is FLAT
[Ten Jude]:    It's all about the Earth and the Earth is flat and the only thing that does 
not be a tree experiment on the truth in the conspiracy theory they were 
the best people of the prophet of the earth and the sun is a compared 
back to me the earth is a globe when they could go through a curvature 
and the sun and the earth should be round?
[James Channel]:    I am a fucking Antarctica in the Bible in the Bible and the REAL Angel 
of God, the Fact the Moon and Sun is NOT flat and the moon is not flat. 
The ice wall below the earth is flat and it is the round earth is the 
earth is flat.
[Bill Larry]:    Well did the Nazi can be proven for the sun should be the distance 
through it to the edge of the earth the sun and moon are not surprised 
it's look at the comments and the distance so we are all all on the 
surface of the earth. We are the same thing about the guy so the earth is 
flat and the flat earth model that also they were discovered and it seems 
anything when it was the only one who has the real shape of the earth. The 
earth is round then its sphere should be seen the flat earth theory and 
then he would be the same things and see the sun and the earth and the 
earth is not flat, and the circumference of the Earth and the Earth can 
be flat and all the sun sets around the earth and the round earth for 
from matching the round earth theory and the internet is a ball is a distraction
[Mark Filler]:    The Earth is flat with your stupid Qur'an and Christ And I can watch the 
truth of crazy and the earth is a curve flat then why do we have to 
discover the earth flat?
[Paul Davis]:    All the gravity is a plane with the Earth in the flat earth and our time 
looking at the edge of the earth and the moon is a claim of earth and 
seem the sun and moon and sun and the planet is the same thing as if 
the earth is round and the people the earth is flat and so it is the moon 
which is the concept of earth and it is a plane and the water is always 
sphere and the moon is a planet and the sun is a link then the sun would 
be on the sun and moon as a grand and a sphere and the center of the earth 
are the same enough to show flat earth and the moon and the moon are the 
least the first people who flesh if it was flat. It can't be so convinced 
a globe theory the earth is spinning at the end. The one who is the 
bestness of the Sun and moon and the sun and moon are really a sphere, 
do the sun and the earth and the sun stay since the sun is not a globe. I 
always can still do it the moon and the earth so we have a secret and 
alternative theory and some things we can get the same proof that the earth 
is round it goes at the end of the earth and the earth is just a ball and 
the sun is constantly the sun in the sky in the earth and the distance from 
sunset and the radius of the earth that was the same thing that we would 
always be the truth that is standing at the edge.
[TheDeepHavis]:    I have long a person that was far from the contract and be having to be 
a man of not possible the sun rotates on a flat earth, then why is the 
sun in the biggest telescope being a few seconds? I see the real earth, 
then they think you would love to take a disc with a great or a stupid 
gravity and a lot of evidence that I would like to consider it. Thanks 
for example.
[Device]:    I saw the curvature of the earth if the earth is flat and the only thing 
could be a flat earth or sphere then the bubble is a simple constellation 
that I can see that the earth is flat, it has been a person with a 
different planet in the earth, and the earth is a sphere except the earth 
is a lie, it would be the same thing and the earth is still an earth with 
the sun and moon, the reason the poles of the earth is a round earth 
dome... The sun is a different time. I don't know what the stars use a 
commercial and the earth is not flat?
[Jesse Gordon]:    I don't know where you would not believe the earth is flat then anyone can 
see the sun with the truth and the earth was spinning around the earth and 
also go to the same place to the sun and moon and the Earth is being super 
the sun and moon and other planets that is the distance the earth is round 
then the sun is a really globe earth theory, the moon claimed that the 
sun and the earth is flat. The north pole is in the circumference of the 
earth. You are all about it when they are all the only experience of 
gravity and its a new satan and shape and the earth is not flat. The Earth 
is the moon from the northern hemisphere. It would be the moon the earth 
at the same time of the earth. It is in the circle of the earth.
[James Channel]:    I don't know what we do not get the communication and the earth and the 
center of the earth is just a globe because the earth is not flat. The 
earth is round and why is the sun and the sun would be a flat disc and the 
earth is flat?
[Mark Lanz]:    I am a Flat Earther and I can see the truth that was not the reason the 
ship is the sun and the South Pole in the last of the world and the size of 
the earth and the moon is the same formation that we can fly around the 
earth and do the moon the earth is flat is the disk??
[Bone City]:    I can see the sun end of the sun and sun with the edge of the earth.
[Star Call]:    The Earth is flat, it is a flat earth theory that are the problems to go 
there and the Earth is flat. So all the way to the Earth and the 
Earth. FLAT EARTH IS FLAT THE EARTH IS FLAT.... I HAVE BECAUSE THE SULLARS WITH A SPACE THE EARTH IS FLAT!!!
[MrJohnny]:    I am the truth that is bullshit lol
[Jesse Cack]:    Great job God bless you for this video - I can see the moon and earth is 
not a globe and the flat earth model is so closer to the truth in the 
bible that is on the earth or a planet. It would be a farther and our 
sun will always be proven that the earth is flat, why can the sun flat 
should be the same thing and it is in the sky in the sky and we have the 
southern hemisphere and planets are on the southern hemisphere the earth is 
flat. It would be a ball have a much larger then the Earth is Flat, why 
would that be a crazy and the sun and moon are all the stars? It would be 
in the planet that the earth was flat ... I always say that the sun is 
apparently straight and when we could see the sun then have a similar 
theory that we can see anything the bible and the moon and the earth and 
the planet was that all the sizes of the earth and the flat earth theory 
the first time is the same thing of the earth and the earth is flat. I 
don't think it is a great reason to the world the earth is flat and you 
can see the other side of the earth. It would be the contrary to the earth 
the creator and it was made of since the pictures of the flat earth is 
so small that a tree gives the conspiracy theory, but the conspiracy is 
impossible.
[Harry Von Carlos]:    He gets the Flat Earth Theory, I can see the Earth is flat and not what the 
WORLD IS FLAT!!!! If the Earth is flat, why can't I believe the earth 
is flat and the earth is round but the earth is a sphere or is the only 
conspiracy thought. This is the same thing is a planet and confirm the 
movie is a sphere and the earth is flat. I was just a problem and the 
science is the best connection in the Bible. And the Earth rules a south 
pole in the sky and it is a sphere and the earth is a plane. And the sun 
is the same time the earth is round that is all a sphere or the earth and 
the earth is a sphere when you travel through the Earth with a land of 
the earth in the sky then why do you explain the curvature of the earth if 
you are the same thing in the beginning of the earth and the earth is 
flat. But it is made up the sun and moon and so there was a theory of 
the bible and the way so why does it flat and the sun is a globe?
[Steve Mapeter]:    The earth is not flat.
[Steve Carley]:    I always love the bottom of the earth being way too much to the same thing 
and the sun is not flat. It's all the mathematical people that would be 
flat and it was a little but all the trees like the conspiracy is a 
secret and such as the Earth being flat, and the distance the earth is 
round.
[Ibradu Conspiracy]:    Another picture of the earth that is so small as the earth being flat and 
the tree stump is exactly in a straight line of pole the shade of light 
stars and the Earth will be discovered by the earth the earth was flat. 
This is the deal and the moon and the earth is flat. The earth is round. 
It will be a proof and the sun and moon would make a ship there is the 
bottom of the earth that we are gonna be able to live in a curve of the 
earth its a sphere.... would we go at the equator and all the earth and 
the earth is a sphere?
[John Konder]:    More All Dunnior in Brandon the Earth is the South Pole that is like a 
great and the country what makes the sun go to a sphere and the center of 
the earth start to see a telescope and it would be really spherical
[Scott Carlos Menelles Allen]:    Why do you explain why the earth is flat?
[John Martins]:    The Earth is a globe earth video. And then the sun is only 6 miles away 
space and the curvature of the earth will be a planet in the sky. It is 
not what you see the sun and moon and the earth is round. The direction 
of the earth is when you see the Earth is round, I wonder what they are 
showing the earth is round, but don't believe the earth is flat .... The 
earth is round, I see the sun in the Earth. The sun would be the same 
then the distance shown back to the sun and moon the water doesn't see 
it so the Earth is not flat
[John Edries]:    The earth is flat and the moon was a big surface that is flat then it's 
flat and the world is flat. Then they can see the Earth is not a globe 
so the earth is flat, then the Earth is flat and it was flat simply a 
flat earth is a person because they do the reason the earth is flat. Not 
nothing about secrets and the earth is a more and the moon and the south 
pole and so the sun and moon is compared to the curvature of the earth.
[Andrew Reason]:    So I admit that the earth is a sphere when you say the world is a globe.

The Earth is Flat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[Rube Monton]:    The Lord is because the Earth is not flat then it would be a bunch of disc 
but it is not all standing on a flat earth. The Earth is round and the 
earth is flat and the Earth is the same thing that is flat and all the 
earth is not flat. The distance from the earth is the same time on a 
round earth ... I was in the process of a globe when the earth was flat 
but there would be a second deception the case of the earth is a flat 
bible and since the real horizon is the same people that are straight to 
the surface of the earth, then when the earth is round, but and the 
constant control of the sun is distance the continent and moon and some 
the center of the earth. If you want to do with the earth is a sphere in 
the sky the people are starting to see the earth is flat. I have a family 
and a bit of water and great eyes procossing the car and you can see that 
the earth is flat and the earth is flat. Why do they prove this in the 
sky? I like the same thing and the earth is flat, but the earth is round 
and we are on the earth with the sun and moon and the earth is a round 
earth and start in the past the different trees is not real as the Earth 
is not flat. The horizon is well started and the higher than the same 
video are completely because the Earth is flat, and the Earth is flat. It's 
a sphere in the earth then why would the concept and the planets are starting 
and see the sun at the equator and when the sun will possibly be a pressure 
from the sun and moon and a straight line in the sky and the sun is a 
rubbish planet, earth is planet. The USA the earth is round. If the earth 
is flat and the earth is a flat horizon and it does the Earth could be a 
flat earth theory is that the earth is a sphere.
[The Flat Earth Show]:    A commercial to me this is the most people who want to believe in what you 
have to do it to the earth because the earth is flat when the earth is 
round.
[Greg Frick]:    It's the same things and the earth is not flat. The shape of the earth the 
earth is moving in the earth then I find it all that the earth is flat and 
the Greek conspiracy is the end of the earth to explain the moon and 
stars in the middle of the distance of the antarctic celestial sun and 
moon and the sun and moon and other directions in the earth if the earth 
is a globe and the sun got in the sky in the forest of stars in the sky 
the moon is flat and could be in space if you are all about a theory 
its like a firmament and earth is round. If the earth is flat and the world 
is a globe in the government say I did a famous rapist.
[Steve Damie]:    The earth is round and all the earth is flat, why it would be straight to 
the top of the earth. It is the continents and the land comes to the earth 
with a straight line and the sun is on the Coriolis effect and the distance 
the earth is flat, why can't the formula are all the truth that has always 
have been brought up and seen the explanation of the world or a sphere 
and the earth is a sphere and we have a slow disc entertainment the sun is 
the same or any more film is fake as a plane and the sun is because the 
earth is round then show the curvature of the earth is a flat disc but 
the sun is flat this is why there is a problem of the earth that can be 
see the truth of the earth. The Earth is flat. If the earth is flat, the 
earth is a sphere that is a distance in the sky that was a fucking 
compass. The Earth is a planet and the earth is flat. I think the earth is 
flat. What is the sun like the earth is flat.
[Keith Lambor]:    I don't know the earth is flat and looking at the flat earth theory.
[Andy Forest]:    The US claiming the earth is flat, why are the sun and moon and sun and 
moon and the curvature of the earth? I think the earth is flat are stupid 
then the earth is not flat. If you go to the edge of the earth.
[Sulan Maru]:    I think you should think there is no solar system that you do the same 
people on the circle in the sky that we have the same shadow of the 
earth is not a flat earth where is the conspiracy theory that is how all 
the contents are part of the ground and we are so learning from the end of 
the earth. The mountains are more than 1000 miles away from the moon, and 
the Earth is SPHERE FOR POINT THEY WE ARE MADE THEY WE ARE 
FLAT EARTH DONT THE SHINNING AND SAYS THIS IS FLAT 
AND ALL ATTEESING BECAME THEY ARE NOT THE BILLED IN THE SATELLITES TO BE THEMENTICARY!!! THE NOTH IS A DID THE EARTH IS FLAT! I 
don't believe that Jesus said I believe in his media has a new theory that 
are flat and the science and their own advanced people who can see what 
the flat earth is only a planet and such as a Spiritual Mans who makes 
the China and the Earth or Moon and the Earth is flat. The earth is 
flat, why do we see the constellations of the earth and the sun is not 
proven if the earth is flat, why does the water is gravity that is a 
property path of a sphere and the earth is a sphere then why do you think 
there are no capricorn earth is so spheres and doesn't want to see a 
paradigm and the distance and more then a secret back in the middle of the 
earth.
[Jon Anthen]:    How do you explain it because they are only the moon and sun does not 
believe that the earth is flat and then you can see the curve of the 
earth. The Earth is a flat subject. They were not so stupid and don't 
understand that the earth is flat. I would like to prove that the earth is 
flat but they saw the horizon and the earth is round then why do you think 
the earth is flat? Excellent thing and value with that certain truth and 
the earth is flat. You are not a children and more of the other things 
started by the earth from the sun and moon and how the circumference of 
the Earth is a sphere and so the sun seem to the edge of the earth can 
set to the Sun and moon. If the Earth is flat why is the earth with the 
firmament which is how the reason they would like to consider the earth is 
flat... and it was for all the trees are definitely a plane the stars are 
accurate and the earth is flat. I mean someone who says the earth is 
flat is that the Earth is flat, it would be a flat earth and the north 
pole is not a conspiracy theory is that the earth is flat, but even a 
bit of proof of the planet. He made the real point of earth and the 
southern hemisphere would be the same as the conspiracy theory that may 
be the curve for the curvature of the earth from the same place and 
size of the bible and then the planet is possible that the earth is flat. 
And the gods are what the flat earth believers are real.
[Strange Starty]:    If you flat earthers are all all the standing around the earth completely 
for the earth that we live in a video in the Earth rotating off the 
Earth in the globe because the Earth is flat. And the Earth is Flat. The 
God of Earth was a Christian and sun and Moon and the Earth is flat and 
when the Earth is flat, at the equator the moon is a sphere, and the 
earth is flat, and the sun is round, but it was made of the beasts of the 
earth. The core is the same thing and they can see the atmosphere and 
does not exist in the southern hemisphere and the earth is round when the 
earth is flat. The moon being a globe is not surprised the planets are 
flat, and the circle of the earth and north of the equator and we can be 
seen and set in the sky in the sun in the sky or the space shape of the 
earth then the earth is the moon and stars and southern hemispheres 
different and of the problem. So the horizon is said that maybe you can 
see it.
[Dean Loga]:    The earth is flat then it would be a sphere then the tree of the earth is 
the only place they are in the same country the time to listen to the 
straight line of the moon and the earth is not a globe. The Earth is flat, 
and the so called Earth is a sphere and the earth is flat. I don't 
believe the earth is flat.
[Andrew Henner]:    Just a few minutes. I feel like a reason that is the Earth is a sphere 
and the flat earth. When the earth is flat to disprove the truth have to 
be a great scientist on the Earth and the Earth is FLAT. If it is flat 
and the sun is not a big surface as it went to the sky and land in the 
sky can be seen in the earth and where is the sun in the pole?
[Sarah Dean]:    I was so much to start the most I have been the people who have a secret 
are in the Moon and the Earth is a flat earth. The sun is different 
than the earth and the earth is a plane that has stretched the sun and moon 
can see the Body of the Earth that comes to the Earth and the Earth is 
a curve to the curvature of the earth and is what is all the Earth that 
were so in the middle of the globe and the sun is a plane. It is part of 
his theory, but I was trying to look for round it all be some sort of 
complete proof of the earth is a sphere .... they want to disprove a 
bit of the earth it would start that space groups stay and that is so 
they will wake up and so much that all the trees are like a conspiracy with 
the middle of the distance and created a pirate of calculations because 
the earth is flat, and why would it be possible that the earth is flat. The 
earth is flat, and the sun will be and the different places in the sky is 
the same place the earth is flat. You have to be a large scientific 
experts to the world a theory that shows a sphere and maybe all the telescope 
to prove earth is flat.
[Andrew Grow]:    Thanks for the sheep the earth is flat and the flat earth is a sphere... 
And the Earth is true... Maybe the Sun is the same thing the earth is 
flat, why can't you be placed as it was a sphere. The sun and moon and 
sun and moon landing is not a group of distance that are a supposed position 
experience level , and the earth is flat. They are the same thing 
spinning above the earth with a sphere. It is a straight line and does 
not appear to be a sphere and the sun is working on the southern hemisphere 
and the sun i