loading latest
generating with seed: 
way he presents the material is made to make you feel stupid for ever 
thinking that the Earth is anything but a basketball! Anyone who questions 
anything about NASA must be wearing a tin foil hat. Thats what these liars 
want you to believe.
[Rene Chavez]:    The first thing he starts talking about is gravity. It does not exist, 
gravity is just a theory that cannot be proved.
[Pierre Harrison]:    The truth is no one have a clue about the earth and there too lazy to find 
out on there own so they just believe everything fagsa says
[Diamondcheckered ChumBucket]:    Flat eathers, go and try to find the edge of the disk shaped earth then!
[Aidentomboy1106]:    The earths flat because where on a flat surface so how is it round
=================================
way he presents the material is made to make you feel stupid for ever 
thinking that the Earth is anything but a basketball! Anyone who questions 
anything about NASA must be wearing a tin foil hat. Thats what these liars 
want you to believe.
[Rene Chavez]:    The first thing he starts talking about is gravity. It does not exist, 
gravity is just a theory that cannot be proved.
[Pierre Harrison]:    The truth is no one have a clue about the earth and there too lazy to find 
out on there own so they just believe everything fagsa says
[Diamondcheckered ChumBucket]:    Flat eathers, go and try to find the edge of the disk shaped earth then!
[Aidentomboy1106]:    The earths flat because where on a flat surface so how is it round it 
would be one of the earth at the equator from the equator when the ball earth 
is so would be considered by the way the truth is when they need to have 
to be believed that the earth is flat then the only thing that it is 
proven that the earth is flat and we would like to discredit the sun and 
solar system and have the same time. The world was true and flying a high 
time and the shape of the earth and the earth is flat, when it was a 
fact that is what I believe is a curve and I was disproven by the Earth is 
the earth and the Earth is NOT flat. The Earth is FLAT. And if the Earth 
was flat then I was some long language in the bible and it were the same 
with the illusion of the internet in the sky.
[Alexander Marie]:    I have a sense from a flat earth?
[Charlie Isley]:    I am not driving the Flat Earth theory to be a flat earther in the comments 
and all the scientists from the sun. It can easily be able to prove that 
the world is a globe then why do these people people see the conspiracy 
theory that is a flat earth proof of the earth is a globe and the earth is 
flat then you can see the planet it was in the biggest pendect of controlled 
earth, and the earth was flat earth with a generation and the earth is 
flat. The more that the earth was flat then I can see it to earth but the 
Earth is flat where is the moon and the moon and stars that can prove the 
earth is flat, then when it seems the earth is flat, and the curvature of the 
earth is even a compass and we will do the devil we have been a lot of 
secrets. I will see a flat earth theory or a person then people do a 
lot of trees there are no more than when you flat earth theory is a 
conspiracy. The only thing about the earth is flat. It is a complete 
complete creation of the Earth and the Earth is round it was seen and 
explain anything about the earth and the earth is flat, why are the 
conspiracy theories are not saying the earth is flat and there are really 
with shore and shape for the edge of the earth. I will have been to the 
conspiracy theory that we are told to be the can only see a link to so the 
world is proven and still think the earth is round. And I don't believe 
the earth is flat and the flat earth theory is a conspiracy in the bible 
even when the Earth is a flat earth. The same as the Earth is a sphere 
when you are all at the end of the earth. The earth is flat and we are 
accurate and satellites being formed to the sun in the sky the Earth is 
flat. And the earth as flat, I don't know why the original pole story is 
really flat and start to be seen through space and start being really 
fascinating it was a real conspiracy that we are the most people that will 
be Lord and read On The Horizon then the Sun and Moon can see the sun 
and the earth we have a order what does any of the world doesn't exist 
for the planet and that it would be a real thing and shape the earth is 
flat. If you want to prove the earth is flat, the earth is flat, then 
the earth is round and the big ball is a contrary theory the earth was flat, 
and when you can get up the edge of the earth. I have to be a save of 
the power that is smaller as such as a pile of dragon and distance of 
argument the world there is the seventh direction it takes about 1000 
miles an astronaut and the Earth is in a plane and we have the truth 
altitude and speculation and started in the CGI with a camera of the sun and 
the sun and moon. And the Earth is a plane and the internet we are all 
the sun and moon and the earth is a sphere?
[Dan Cariel]:    Earth is flat, why does the South Pole and the sun flat like the continent 
and water is not a sphere. There are people that will find it from space 
but it's so much and the truth that we could always explain the Earth is 
something in the earth with a sphere. The problem is in the sky and the 
horizon is a picture of the earth. The earth is not flat.
[Andrew Prace]:    I think the earth is flat and why would the earth work and see the earth 
at and the earth is flat and the flat earth theory was not a planet 
in the distance really account for the earth in the southern hemisphere 
where is the same thing that the earth is flat which is like a lot of 
the stars and the sun and moon and stars measure the earth is round as it 
is so how it would be the flat earth because they did anything they 
can deplay in the point of Jupiter and what is the Earth and the 
flat earth theory we are all fake, but the disc was flat. The earth is 
a sphere and the earth is not flat. And you can see the sun in the sky 
direction for the firmament. The sun is a flat horizon and the problem is 
NOT the calculation that really is definitely visible and support the ice 
and sun. And the Earth is not flat and the Earth is round and the sun is 
always spinning. Also what is the car of the sun ive seen the sun and the 
moon and the sun is a group of people who do that the can do it in a straight 
line then the distance will be seen on the south pole. It would be a free 
long time they can see a planet that we can see a lot of light from a 
curve and the earth is round, which we are the only thing that is round 
earth for the curve if the earth is flat and the earth is round and not 
even the problem of the earth because it is in the sky the lord the 
Great Position of God will be a very specific show to the Earth Which 
In the Trees that is Christians and Antarctica to fly on the Earth, and 
pretty sure you can see the sun and moon and the land is the only reason 
that the earth is a sphere. Why is the earth is a curve from the sun and 
South Pole? It is not a sphere and the correct formation of some kind of 
fact that is going to see the moon and the sun and moon and stars in the 
earth.
[Conspiracy Proponets]:    The Earth is a globe because there is a curvature of the earth theory the 
earth is round. Or the shape of the earth. If the earth is flat and the 
center of the earth is round but the trees are confirmed in the part of the 
earth and the whole thing is in the star and continents and the sun and 
solar system and it was so much and the earth is a planet that they are 
all not conspiracy theories and lies. The comments are more people and 
compared to the earth that makes the secret the micro demonstrate the 
earth is flat, it is not a sphere. The earth is a globe. The Flat Earth 
experiments are a debate of the earth is round. I'm not a flat earth 
thing about the same things that the earth is flat and all the way of 
government is so bad to see the sun and moon and we are still a debate and 
cool it will be in a spherical earth. The sun is all above the Earth being 
flat, and the curvature of the earth is a sphere or a ball earth is a 
plane. I don't know the earth is flat and that with this world is bullshit 
is the first of your theories and trying to have the gods more then the earth 
is round. The ISS are the sun in the sky the sun is a lot of proof of the 
earth being flat. If the earth is flat, why do the USA and Antarctica is 
flat. While the people who are set at the same time and the case of 
the earth. The math and earth is the same thing that was the same state 
in the position of the earth then it is not fake.
[John Crowney]:    You believe that the earth is flat.
[Kan Panner]:    A simple Christian was only about 20 miles away the sun and moon the 
propose in the sky is under the earth and the earth is flat. A complete 
stricture and stars in the distance the sun goes on a flat earth then why 
would they want to be a globe the sun is spinning at the speed of the 
earth or not anywhere it is the same theory of the earth with a ball the 
conspiracy theory was looking for God's show with a good laugh and when it 
really becomes the WLC EVERYONE. The conspiracy theories are stupid 
it would not take it now and the shape of the earth. It will be surprised 
it would be a flat earth theory.
[Common Firman]:    The Earth is flat, but the Sun is round the earth is flat and 
would be a perfect sphere with the sun and the flat earth believers and 
secrets and sunset if the earth is flat, why is the flat earth theory 
so many things they can't be a plane as well as their theories and the 
earth flat earth experiments and the earth is a conspiracy theory, then 
then it is also a person that we have the one who is part of the earth and 
the flat earth doesn't mean the earth is flat, but you really wanted to 
completely be able to see the people in the Earth and the Earth is Flat. 
Now I'm going to prove that the earth is a sphere, it is happening at all 
to work about the curvature of the earth then the earth is a globe and 
subject the other planets and stars are flat. We have to be playing a 
tree of a flat earth the earth being flat, so if the Earth is flat how can 
you see the earth is flat? Why would we prove it is a globe and the 
earth is round or the earth and the earth is flat, and we are so stupid 
from Satan and the Sun and Moon and the Earth is a sphere. The moon is a 
sphere and the earth is flat. It would be being discovered and it is 
also a camera and a perfect contrary operating of the shape of the earth 
and the ball and what we do not see the what we think the earth is flat and 
it comes to the descending of flat earth and the earth is round and there 
is a video and the other way the sun and moon have flat earth it seems to 
be a great teacher and see the truth that we have so much the stars on the 
earth because the earth is flat and like a GPS. The most of the Earth is 
spinning at the same time and it was a great subject before you live on a 
sun and share or the fact that the earth is flat, but we did not see the 
planet and as fact that has a sphere and stars are blocking the earth 
then it's flat, and the earth is a sphere and how do the sun and moon at 
the same place in the clouds should be the same as the curvature of the 
earth. If the earth is flat, why do the Planet IS it is the earth with the 
earth b